feat(curriculum): adding reusable profile card component workshop (#57400)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-reusable-profile-card-component/674ef2d357676e50e469165a.md

---
id: 674ef2d357676e50e469165a
title: Step 4
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

To start using the `Card` component, use the `export` keyword to create an `App` functional component.

> Inside the `App` component, return a pair of parenthesis with empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `App` component, return a pair of parenthesis containing an empty string.
```

> Inside the `App` component, return a pair of parenthesis containing an empty string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inside the `App` component, return a pair of parentheses containing an empty string.
```
